# Project Pan

**Project Pan** is a centralized database for music projects that enables users to store and manage data about various songs, including their location, key, genre, BPM, and custom notes. The project is built using React for the frontend and SQLite for the backend. ## Table of Contents - [Features](#features) - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used) - [Installation](#installation) - [Usage](#usage) - [API Documentation](#api-documentation) - [Contributing](#contributing) - [License](#license) ## Features - Store detailed information about music projects, including: - Location - Key - Genre - BPM - Custom notes and tags - User authentication to secure data. - Simple and intuitive UI for managing projects. - Integration with various music APIs for additional functionality. ## Technologies Used - **Frontend:** React, Redux - **Backend:** Node.js, Express - **Database:** SQLite - **Deployment:** Google Cloud, Docker - **Authentication:** Firebase ## Installation 1. Clone the repository: ```bash git clone https://github.com/yourusername/project-pan.git cd project-pan ``` 2. Navigate to the `server` directory and install dependencies: ```bash cd server npm install ``` 3. Set up the database (include specific database setup instructions here). 4. Start the server: ```bash npm start ``` 5. Navigate to the `client` directory and install dependencies: ```bash cd ../client npm install ``` 6. Start the React application: ```bash npm start ``` ## Usage 1. Open your web browser and go to `http://localhost:3000`. 2. Create an account or log in to access your music projects. 3. Use the provided forms to add, edit, or delete music project entries. ## API Documentation - **Endpoint:** `/api/projects` - **GET:** Retrieve all projects - **POST:** Create a new project - **PUT:** Update an existing project - **DELETE:** Remove a project Refer to the API documentation for detailed usage. ## Contributing Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps: 1. Fork the repository. 2. Create a new branch: ```bash git checkout -b feature/YourFeature ``` 3. Make your changes and commit them: ```bash git commit -m 'Add some feature' ``` 4. Push to the branch: ```bash git push origin feature/YourFeature ``` 5. Open a pull request. ## License This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
